Tori: "Maya, come butta?"
Maya: "Devo parlare con lo zio... è qui?"
Tori: "Maybe...what's it worth to ya?"
Tomo: "Lo zio è nell'altra stanza, Maya. Torna subito."
Tori: "Chiudi quella bocca, traditore! Ne va dei miei profitti!"
Mouse: "Ci hai portato qualcosa dalla discarica?"
Maya: "Non oggi. Mi spiace."
Uncle: "Tori, stai ancora causando problemi?"
Maya: "Zio, oggi, mentre io e Grubb eravamo fuori a rovistare tra i rifiuti, abbiamo visto delle navi in cielo. Erano senza dubbio navi da guerra dei Prescelti, diretti verso est... Perché sono ritornati?"
Tori: "Di cosa hai paura, Maya? Probabilmente non ti hanno nemmeno visto..."
Uncle: "Non importa. L'ultima volta che sono venuti, quando Maya aveva la tua età, le loro varie fazioni si sono scontrate qui"
Maya: "Madre? Madre!?"
Uncle: "Maya?!"
Uncle: "Dobbiamo cercare un rifugio."
Uncle: "Le loro navi hanno fatto irruzione nelle nostre città e molte persone sono morte, inclusi i tuoi genitori. Da allora, questa è stata una città di orfani e vecchi."
Uncle: "Ci sono voluti dieci anni per ricostruire tutto. Non possiamo permettere che accada di nuovo..."
Tori: "Sì, lo so, lo so! Da allora tu e Maya vi siete presi cura di noi... Perché continui a ricordarcelo!?"
Maya: "Sei troppo giovane per ricordare la devastazione"
Uncle: "Come il tuo maestro Azziz direbbe... La storia non smette mai di ripetersi, mio caro."
Uncle: "Sindaco?! Cosa significa tutto questo?"
Mayor: "Trova il posto. Si stanno nascondendo da qualche parte..."
Workbot: "Buongiorno, zio. Buongiorno, signorina Maya."
Workbot: "E' una bella giornata, non è vero?"
Workbot: "Sì, l'aria fresca farebbe miracoli per te, zio..."
Mayor: "Va bene, va bene. BASTA COSI'! Non siamo qui per pranzare, ma per arrestare i contrabbandieri!"
Uncle: "Non troverai nessun fuorilegge tra i Junkers!"
Mayor: "Sono il sindaco di questa città e posso fare ciò che voglio! Qualcuno sta contrabbandando armi verso lo Shell inferiore, usando la discaricare come copertura. Adesso la loro avidità ci farà uccidere tutti!"
Maya: "Stiamo oltrepassando il limite. Fuori da casa mia... adesso!"
Mayor: "Oh, non pensare che sia finita qui. Quando ci sono problemi, è sempre colpa dei Junkers..."
Workbot: "Arrivederci!"
Mayor: "Oh, silenzio!"
Uncle: "Dov'è andato Tori?"
Maya: "Non ne sono sicura..."
Uncle: "Probabilmente a lezione... per la quale tra l'altro sei probabilmente in ritardo, Maya. Forse puoi chiedere più informazioni sulle navi che hai visto al tuo maestro..."
Uncle: "Farai bene a non arrivare in ritardo a lezione..."
Maya: "Uh, come va con la schiena, zio?"
Uncle: "Non provare a cambiare argomento, Maya..."
Maya: "Perché devo andare al tempo proprio oggi?"
Uncle: "Non puoi sapere solo quello che trovi nella discarica, Maya. Azziz ha molto da insegnarti."
Maya: "Ma lui parla solo di roba successa centinaia di anni fa!" 
Uncle: "Uno deve prima sapere da dove è venuto per sapere dove è diretto..."
Maya: "Tori se l'è svigata in silenzio..."
Uncle: "Dovrebbe essere per strada per andare a lezione... Se ti sbrighi, puoi ancora raggiungerlo."
Maya: "Pensi che il sindaco riuscirà a catturare i contrabbandieri?"
Uncle: "Lo spero per tutti noi. Commerciare con gli altri Shell è un conto, ma contrabbandare armi porta solo alla guerra... e dubito che riusciamo a sfuggire alla sua collega"
Maya: "Do you think the Chosen ships mean us harm?"
Uncle: "The last time Chosen ships darkened our skies was over ten years ago, during a battle between their own Lords.  As you well know, many of our people were killed in their wake.  These sightings can never mean good tidings...to them, we are mindless animals, to be stepped on blindly, as we do the ants beneath our feet."
Maya: "I won't let that happen again!"
Maya: "Uncle, tell me about the Factory to the north..."
Uncle: "No one has seen those who live inside.   They built the Factory and the pipes that pump water across the desert ages ago.  Our ancestors settled here because they learned to tap the water from the pipes.  In exchange, we ship our excess scrap metal to the factory as sort of a tribute.  They have never caused us trouble, so I wouldn't worry about them."
Maya: "The bread you baked smells good.  Can I have some?"
Uncle: "Ha, ha, it's in the fridge."
Maya: "Grubb's not too happy about how Mayor uses the Workbots."
Uncle: "Well, he knows better than to trust Mayor.  Marduk knows that's why he left the city to live on his own."
Maya: "How did Azziz come to be our teacher?"
Uncle: "He is a wise man.  He comes from other Shells and knows more about the world than I could ever instill in you..."
Maya: "Tori wasn't in class today..."
Uncle: "What?"
Maya: "He asked me to cover for him."
Uncle: "You better find him Maya."
Maya: "Do you think he's in trouble?"
Uncle: "Let's hope not.  Check the water pumping station, he usually hangs out there..."
Uncle: "Maya, they think you're the smuggler..."
Maya: "It's Tori. He's selling weapons he finds in the junk piles..."
Uncle: "He went to hide out in Outlaw Canyon.  You must find him, and set things straight."
Maya: "But, Outlaw Canyon lies past the Pumping station!  I've never gone that far..."
Uncle: "Perhaps Grubb can help you..."
Uncle: "Have you got any more news of Tori?"
Maya: "Do you think Tori is really the smuggler?"
Uncle: "It would not surprise me...his heart is ruled by coin, instead of by conscience."
Grubb: "Long time no see!"
Uncle: "You know you really should stop by more often."
Grubb: "I sometimes lose track of time in the workshop..."
Maya: "I found Tori...has he been here?"
Uncle: "Yes, he said you were going to Shell 3 to fix what he's done..."
Maya: "The Chosen are helping someone take over a city there with the weapons that Tori's been supplying."
Uncle: "The Chosen again...this could be bad for Oasis as well..."
Maya: "Tori, where were you at Lesson?"
Tori: "Um...I had other plans..."
Maya: "Uncle's going to kill you..."
Tori: "Not if you cover for me!!"
Uncle: "Maya, where have you been?"
Maya: "I've been fighting against a Warlord of the Chosen.  He's caused war on several Shells."
Uncle: "Is Oasis safe?"
Maya: "For now...but for how long?"
Uncle: "Perhaps you should seek the advice of Azziz."
Uncle: "Maya, it's always good to have you home."
Uncle: "Perhaps Azziz would know of arcane matters such as these..."
Maya: "What's up with Oasis?"
Uncle: "Mayor has grown powerful with his new Warbot army."
Maya: "How could Mayor have reprogrammed the Workbots?"
Grubb: "My Workbots still operate?"
Uncle: "Yes, but Mayor reprogrammed them to obey only him."
Grubb: "Impossible!  Mayor doesn't have the skill.  He must have had help..."
Corgan: "So, you're Maya's Uncle..."
Uncle: "I am Uncle to all the children of Oasis.  I am sorry for what Tori caused in your city..."
Corgan: "Do not apologize for the actions of others."
Selina: "This city is built from the scrap of my people?"
Maya: "Selina may be a Chosen, but she's a friend."
Uncle: "I hope you're true in your allegiances. Maya is very brave to trust you."
Araym: "I like you, old man.  You're a rascal under that facade of wisdom!"
Uncle: "I have been told that..."
Uncle: "What is it?"
Maya: "He's one of the Underlost of Shell 7."
Uncle: "Amazing!  The sun has never before seen such a creature."
Lobo: "Your city seems a haven of spare parts for one like me."
Uncle: "And yet, Grubb and I could never have conceived of a device such as yourself."
Maya: "Where is Tori these days?"
Uncle: "I think he's been hiding out somewhere."
Maya: "Has there been much Chosen activity?"
Uncle: "Several convoys have been spotted, descending to the Shells below.  But then, nothing.  Maybe they went home."
Maya: "Can Mayor be stopped?"
Uncle: "Not as long as his robotic army is there to protect him."
Maya: "Do the Junkers even put up a fight?"
Uncle: "Have they ever?  They are old and weak, Maya.  They don't like what's happening, but they're afraid to do anything about it..."
Maya: "Is there a way to stop the Workbots?"
Uncle: "I'm afraid that Mayor controls them all from a central computer.  Perhaps that is his weakness..."
Maya: "Have you heard from Tori?"
Uncle: "He's been up to his old mischief.  He sold something to Mayor...some sort of device Mayor used to reprogram the Workbots."
Maya: "Where did he get it?"
Uncle: "In the Factory."
Maya: "No one's ever been in the Factory!"
Uncle: "He said he was going back."
Uncle: "All returns to normal in Oasis, no?"
Uncle: "What do you need, Maya?"
Maya: "If I can't stop Doskias, I'm not sure Oasis will be safe."
Uncle: "I'm afraid that I don't know if I can help...You should talk to Azziz."
Grubb: "The Workbots are functioning normally again."
Uncle: "They're a great help.  Perhaps now, you can move back to Oasis?"
Grubb: "I'll think about it..."
Maya: "What happened to the Mayor?"
Uncle: "The Old Junkers finally rallied and drove him off.  I'm sure we won't see him again."
Maya: "Who will run the City?"
Uncle: "Who ran it before?"
Maya: "Good point..."
Maya: "Septerra is in grave danger."
Uncle: "What's wrong?"
Maya: "A Chosen Lord has doomed us all, in his pursuit for power."
Uncle: "We're isolated here in Oasis...we receive little news from the outside world...perhaps Azziz can help."
Uncle: "Maya!  You're safe!"
Tomo: "Where were you?"
Uncle: "Did you stop the treachery on Shell 3?"
Maya: "That was only the beginning.  A Chosen Warlord known as Doskias has gone against his people, with the belief that he is the savior of Septerra.  I fear his warlike nature will be the destruction of us all!"
Uncle: "I'm ashamed that Tori had a part in all of this - unwittingly perhaps, but a part nonetheless."
Maya: "Doskias has meddled with the balance of the Core.  It may be disastrous for us all."
Uncle: "Azziz would be better able to help in these matters..."
Maya: "You should come in and see Uncle, he asked about you today."
Grubb: "Zero hope, Maya.  I hafta work on Runner's sensors.  Next time...promise."
